1) Exercise One: Create a Spring Boot application and we will utilize some core Spring Boot annotations such as @controller, @RequestMapping, and @GetMapping. Perform an step-by-step exercise to build a basic application using Spring Boot, developing an application using the spring initializr.
2) Exercise Two: Use @Requestbody, @PostMapping, and @RestController annotations, and PostMan for sending data. You can either create a new Spring Project by using Spring initializr, or you can continue the previous Exercise (309.5 - AC3 - How to use - @Controller, @RequestMapping and @GetMapping).
3) Exercise Three: Send data from the controller to the template (HTML) by using model, ModelAndView, and @Modelattribute Annotation. In order to do that, we will use Thymeleaf. We will explore more about Thymeleaf later in this lab. There are four examples in this lab. Explain how to send data from the controller to the template (HTML) using the model, ModelAndView, and @Modelattribute annotations.
4) Exercise Four: Discuss Spring forms and data binding to a controller then have a look at some of the main annotations in Spring Boot (e.g., @RestController, @ModelAttribute, @PostMapping, @GetMapping).
5) Exercise Five: Demonstrate how to use @RequestParam annotation. Learners will be able to utilize the @RequestParam annotation.
6) Exercise Six: Demonstrate how to use Spring's @PathVariable annotation. Learners will also explore the various ways to effectively use the @PathVariable annotation to suit different use cases, such as optional parameters and dealing with default values.
7) Exercise Seven: Demonstrate the how to use the @SessionAttributes and @Modelattributes annotations in Spring. Learners will be able to use @SessionAttributes and @Modelattributes annotations.
8) Exercise Eight: Demonstrate the Spring actuator. Learner will be able to use Spring Boot Actuator in Spring boot applications.
9) Exercise Nine: A look at how to enable autowiring, as well as the various ways to autowire beans. Afterward, we will talk about resolving bean conflicts using the @Qualifier annotation and potential exception scenarios
